An interface used to create service catalog records; an alternative to lists and forms. Each of these focuses on a specific process or task and can be used anywhere in the ServiceNow platform. In the Service Catalog, these are presented in categories along with catalog items:


Options are :

Record Producer (Correct)
Most recent
Access Control Lists
Service Portal
Answer :Record Producer
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 7


 
What application is available to all user?


Options are :

Content Pane
Service Catalog records (an alternative to lists and forms)
Self-Service (Correct)
The role sys_user_role
Answer :Self-Service

What allows the user to elevate to a higher security role when needed then return to their normal role?


Options are :

The Welcome Message
Update Sets
Access Control List
Elevated Privileges (Correct)
Answer :Elevated Privileges

Contains tabs for accessing workflows that are being edited or created.




Options are :

Canvas Tabs (Correct)
Many to Many
Select Box
Transition
Answer :Canvas Tabs
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 8


 
What are the "Many-to-Many" relationship fields?


Options are :

SLA Definition, Task SLA, SLA Workflow, SLA Automation
Relationship used to build SLA conditions
Reference Fields. Glide List, and Document ID Fields (Correct)
Add users to groups that have been assigned the desired roles.
Answer :Reference Fields. Glide List, and Document ID Fields

What is the name of the ServiceNow search engine?


Options are :

Bing
Gauge
Google
Zing (Correct)
Answer :Zing

You can coalesce on a single field to update an existing record. If a target table records exists with the same value in the coalesce field as the staging table record, the target table record is updated using the import set record values.


Options are :

Single-field coalesce (Correct)
Workflow
Show Activity Stream
Application Scoping
Answer :Single-field coalesce
ServiceNow Certified CIS CSM Test Exams (New York Release) Set 7


 
When you extend a table, you must create a_______




Options are :

New relationship rule in Configuration > Suggested Relationships (Correct)
Employee Self Service (ESS)
A new role for the table
ESS user, ITIL user and Mobile user
Answer :New relationship rule in Configuration > Suggested Relationships

Displays fields from one record in a table; user records; users can view and edit the record data.




Options are :

What is a form? (Correct)
Conversation Pane
Database Views
User Criteria
Answer :What is a form?

A table that extends another table is:


Options are :

Child Class (Correct)
Task table
Base Class
Operator
Answer :Child Class
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 7


 
You will see a condition widget where you can add conditional expressions to your ACL:


Options are :

Content Frame
SLA Condition Evaluation
Conditional Expressions (Correct)
Admin or ml_admin
Answer :Conditional Expressions

Who can import data?


Options are :

Delegated Admins.
Client Scripts
Any user logged in with the admin or import_admin can manage all aspects of Import sets (Correct)
System Import Sets > Load Data
Answer :Any user logged in with the admin or import_admin can manage all aspects of Import sets

___ are a modular unit of variables that can be shared between catalog items.


Options are :

Variables
Variables Sets (Correct)
Context menus
Client Scripts
Answer :Variables Sets
ServiceNow Certified CIS CSM Test Exams (New York Release) Set 9


 
Use the_____________ to create reports by modify an existing report, or create a new report from scratch.




Options are :

Report_on
Service Catalog
Dependency Views indicate
Report Designer (Correct)
Answer :Report Designer

How to run Data Collector Jobs?


Options are :

Searches in files that are attached to records
Manually, LDAP, Single Sign on (SSO)
Social IT > Feed administration > Messages
Performance Analytics > Data Collector (Correct)
Answer :Performance Analytics > Data Collector

Provides additional optional functionality within a ServiceNow instance:


Options are :

Notifications
Plugins (Correct)
Connect Workspace
Parent breadcrumbs formatter
Answer :Plugins
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 3


 
In SLA, what attribute controls what is calculated as hours in a work day, # of work week days?


Options are :

Schedule (Correct)
dictionary attributes
time_zone_field
Transform Map
Answer :Schedule

How can you merge update sets?


Options are :

System Update Sets > Merge Update Sets (Correct)
Data Policy
System Security > Access Control (ACL)
System Policy > Events > Registry
Answer :System Update Sets > Merge Update Sets

Provides the working surface for creating new workflows or editing existing ones:


Options are :

Canvas (Correct)
Stages
Reports
Checkbox
Answer :Canvas
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 4


 
How can you limit who wants to view an article?


Options are :

Standard, Most Active, Most Recent, Most Active Record, Most Recent Record
System Update Sets > Merge Update Sets
User Criteria; Specify User Roles (Correct)
System Diagnostics > Stats > Stats
Answer :User Criteria; Specify User Roles

Table Name: Configuration Item


Options are :

sys_update_xml
sc_req_item
cmdb_ci or cmdb (Correct)
cmn_location
Answer :cmdb_ci or cmdb

An interface for building and enabling rich process automation capabilities known as flows.


Options are :

Field Values
Flow Designer (Correct)
Formatters
ServiceNow Studio
Answer :Flow Designer
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 5


 
_____indicate the status of configuration items, and allow access to the CI's related alerts, incidents, problems, changes and business services.


Options are :

SLA
The imported file label
Dependency Views (Correct)
The Content Frame
Answer :Dependency Views

An example of an activity that initiates the flow?


Options are :

Scripting
report_On
Value
Trigger (Correct)
Answer :Trigger

Users are stored in this table:


Options are :

imp_user
cmdb_ci
sys_user (Correct)
sys_update_version
Answer :sys_user
ServiceNow Certified CIS CSM Test Exams (New York Release) Set 11


 
The Mapping Assist utility provides a visually intuitive environment for specifying mapping between import set fields and Target table fields.


Options are :

UC- Underpinning Contract
Automatic Mapping Utility
Mapping Assist Utility (Correct)
Import set table
Answer :Mapping Assist Utility

What enables you to define the conditions under which the running SLA will be completed and a new SLA will be attached.


Options are :

Save as report source
Task
Insert
Reset (Correct)
Answer :Reset

Define a single implementation of the ServiceNow platform:


Options are :

Base Table
Text Value
Instance (Correct)
Task Table
Answer :Instance
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 9


 
Tables that exist in the base system are called?


Options are :

Base Tables (Correct)
Variables
Task Tables
Default Tables
Answer :Base Tables

How do you apply a UI policy to all views?


Options are :

Right click > Personalize > Dictionary
Set Global to True (Correct)
Business Rule List
Search Knowledge
Answer :Set Global to True

Is a series of tables and fields that contain all of the configuration items controlled by your company as well as their attributes and relationships.


Options are :

Additional Comments (Customer Visible)
Knowledge Articles
Conditions
Configuration Management Database (Correct)
Answer :Configuration Management Database
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 6


 
What is configured to run when a record is displayed, inserted, updated, deleted, or when a table is queried?


Options are :

Update Sets
Notifications
Private Scope
Business Rule (Correct)
Answer :Business Rule

In workflow, what is the workflow timeline?


Options are :

An automation block such as approvals, conditions, notifications, tasks, timers and utilities
Defines unique key for record. If record found, import will update the record. If not found, import will create a new record.
Shows the progress of a workflow. It provides a complete time-based display of activities associated with workflow context. (Correct)
Waiting for Approval, Approved, Pending, Fulfilled, Completed
Answer :Shows the progress of a workflow. It provides a complete time-based display of activities associated with workflow context.

What enables admins to set mandatory and read only states for fields and can be used to enforce data consistently across applications?


Options are :

System Definition > Dictionary
Data Policy (Correct)
System Logs
System Import Sets > Create Transform Map
Answer :Data Policy
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 8


 
What defines conditions that are evaluated against users to determine which users can access Service Catalog items?


Options are :

Tables and forms
User Criteria (Correct)
Palette Tabs
mysearchterm%
Answer :User Criteria

What is used to measure and evaluate the effectiveness of IT service management processes?




Options are :

canRead
cantRead
Metric (Correct)
UC
Answer :Metric

What is a set of field maps that define the relationships between fields in an import set table and fields on a target table?


Options are :

Breadcrumbs
Transform Map (Correct)
Workflow
Duration Type
Answer :Transform Map
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 9


 
What runs when a form is loaded?


Options are :

Text Value
Child Class
Execute
OnLoad() (Correct)
Answer :OnLoad()

Parent class:


Options are :

Variables are presented by the
The table it extends to is the (Correct)
Knowledge articles within a________________________ are grouped by category.
Tables can extend
Answer :The table it extends to is the

What defines how departments work together to meet the service level requirements documented in an SLA?


Options are :

Service Level Agreement (SLA)
Metrics
Underpinning Contract (UC)
Operational Level Agreement (OLA) (Correct)
Answer :Operational Level Agreement (OLA)
ServiceNow Certified CIS CSM Test Exams (New York Release) Set 6


 
What are Boolean Operators?


Options are :

A record stored in the User Table
Feature release, patch release, hotfix
One set of table fields
Refined searches with operators such as AND and OR (Correct)
Answer :Refined searches with operators such as AND and OR

Which one of the following statements is correct when referring to UI Actions?


Options are :

UI Actions cannot use scripts or be scripted.
UI Actions are only executed on the server.
Conditions can be specified to determine when a UI Action appears (Correct)
UI Actions on the Task Table are not available to its extended tables.
Answer :Conditions can be specified to determine when a UI Action appears

What is the name of the database ServiceNow is built on?


Options are :

Seqel PRO
Teradata
OrientDB
MySQL (Correct)
Answer :MySQL
ServiceNow Certified System Administrator Practice Exam 2019 Set 8


 
Graphically display an infrastructure view for a configuration item and the business services that it is part of and that it supports.


Options are :

Merge Update Sets
Dependency Views (Correct)
Activity Section
User Interface Actions
Answer :Dependency Views

What are the stages for a requested item?


Options are :

Early access by invite, Opt-in or auto upgrade scheduled based on dates, Opt-in, on-demand, or auto-upgrade
Waiting for approval, approved, pending, fulfillment, completed (Correct)
It would import empty fields from the source table to the target table.
A list of all existing tables with columns and column attributes
Answer :Waiting for approval, approved, pending, fulfillment, completed